---
title: 
tags: 
layout: post
---
Crazy day.  I was actually working very hard and getting quite a bit accomplished until Kim decided to call a meeting with me and Kevin.  We spent the last 30 minutes talking about Christmas shopping and our home computers failing.  He says I need to get a new motherboard battery for mine and home and it will work.  I doubt it, but I will give it a try.  I kinda need that computer to work for some audio stuff I wanna do.



Well Jason came up with Kelly last night, and he is staying at our place right now.  I think I am skipping wushu tonight so I can hang out with him before his flight to Venezuela in the morning.  He is flying out at 7:23 AM.  I have my wisdom teeth appointment at 9:00 AM.  I can't eat or drink for 6 hours before that, so it kinda sucks that I need to get up so early that day, instead of sleeping in right up till I needa go be sedated.  At least I get the day off, sucks to miss the division Christmas party.  Man, so I am only getting a half day off, because tomorrow was gonna be a nice short one.  



I met up with tom at the rosslyn metro station.  I was gonna go help him get his movie into a format that I can use for the DVD.  When I got off the train he said they had CD burners on those computers but no Burner software.  Arg.  Plus no network connection there ' so uploading it to my server was not an option. At least he gave me a ride home, and were able to get some mei guo zhong guo fan.  Mmmmm, panda express. 



Wushu was pretty good.  Crazy small class, I guess it had to do with the ice storm. I stayed after and talked with Stephan about going to china.  Looks like he is planning on going in march.  He would just skip 2 weeks of school.  I don't' know if I think that is good devotion or carelessness.  Too bad they don't want to go in Feb.  I bought my tickets yester day!  Only thing left for me to do is get my visa.  The travel agent says to wait till January.  So I will.  She also called today because the special fair she was giving me ends on Feb. 6th. So my Feb. 8th is gonna be and extra $70.  That sucks, but it is still better than the other prices I had found.



Excited about china.  I wish Kelly could go with me.


