---
title: 
tags: 
layout: post
---
We got to meet J's bo for the first time this weekend.  Cool guy, he really fits her <i>type</i>, IMHO.  Over all things were relatively uneventful -- watched the game (which, in it self was eventful) on Saturday, and had dinner over at our place on Sunday.  The game was awesome; I have never been into a football game so much.  I was nervous right up until the end.  Some how I was thinking that we were going to blow a  24 point lead with a minute left.   Nervousness was unwarranted.  Sunday we got hang with S along with the Mc's (and new bo) and play games.  Cranium, Euchre, Spades, Madden 2004, SSX -- all seemed to flow together nicely.<br /><br />OK, I am ready for Coach and Co to come back.  I do enjoy teaching, but it is really draining.  The lifting in the morning, working all day, going straight to wushu and teaching for a few hours and getting in some real training leaves me pretty stinkin' tired.  And it's not like I have been doing it for a few weeks yet, more like 3 days.  Pathetic.  Perhaps I will feel better nearer the end of the week when I have had time to adapt to everything.  But at this rate I doubt I will be able to make it to gymnastics.  Training from 5pm to 11pm is long time.  We'll see on Tuesday.  I wanna go, and Kelly <i>is</i> our of town...<br /><br />Chinese school was 50/50 this weekend.  The strange think was language went (relatively) well, and wushu was a bit annoying.  My Laoshi agreed to use <a href="http://www.chinasprout.com/store/B259.html">the book</a> I used for my first zhongwen class, of course it depends on the price.  And the price is $31, which is prolly expensive in the Chinese school setting. As far as the wushu class, my kids were pretty adamant about their lack of attention. To their credit a lot of the class was not run with the normal structure they are used to.  One of the parents wanted to take a picture so that they could use it to make a flyer for next year, and all the kids had one of two opinions.  They either A) did not give a flying crap and wanted to do nothing but lie on the floor and punch/push/pull/grab their classmates or B) thought it was embarrassing and stupid.  I loved the kids on group B, at least they could stand still while I was yelling at them.  When we finally transitioned to forms I was moderately happy with their performance. Note, that by 'performance' I mean their performance in paying attention and following directions (and knowing left from right), not really their wushu skill.  Double note, I need to talk to A's parents, she could be really good -- I am gonna suggest they take her to a more productive <a href="http://www.omei-wushu.com">setting</a>.<br /><br />Once a week for 8 months a year is not enough time to convey any wushu understanding to 7 year olds.  Forget about the younger kids.  Aiya. 
