---
title: 
tags: 
layout: post
---
Yeah, I am a wuss.  And I don't know why.  I have always been.  I don't ever 'Go for it.'  I always build up to stuff slowly.



The incident that inspired this train of thought was my lack of backtuck last night.  The round-off and back-handspring were just fine.  But I never got the balls to tack that last flip on.  It's not like I wouldn't make it or it would even be close.  I am certain I would.  But then I think about it too much and don't go for it.  



Nothing new.  When I was skating, I would always build up to stuff.  There are advantages to this.  I practiced on a rail that was 6 inches off the ground so much that when I finally jumped up onto a handrail height rail I would be able to stay on easy and balance much better than a lot of the more advanced skaters.  The biggest disadvantage: slow.  It would take me forever to get that big trick.  Once I built up to it, I had overanalyzed it and knew everything about it, but in the end that was much more info than necessary.   On the up side I have never had any injuries worse than a nasty bruise or hearty scrape.  



Putting that backtuck after the round-off back-handspring and doing a wall flip.  I drilled the hell out of that stuff.  Never had any remotely close calls.  Always been consistent.  Dagnabbit, wuss.



Of course now it is gonna be a clean month before I can go to gymnastics again.



So I talked to a number of people that said when I go to china I should just take cash.  Apparently $300 should be plenty for a month (my room and board are paid for), but $500 is more than enough to be safe.  Hmmm.  Maybe I will get some travelers checks just to be safe.  I need to remember to ask Qiu Dong about money when I call him -- or if I see Ted online.  



A week from tomorrow I am going to be on a plane.  People keep asking me when I am leaving.  I have made it a habit to reply 'The 8th, you wanna go?'  So far no one says yes.  I have had a few 'Yes, but''s, but those don't count.  



I wish I could bring my PS2 on the plane, I love Vice City.  Such a fun game.  It's even fun to watch someone play.  A combination of the radio stations and crazy funny stuff that happens to you -- and that you make happen to innocent bystanders. 



Going to see the Recruit tonight, then play poker over at Jeannie's place.  Should be fun.  I hope I can convince Sean to come ' I haven't seen him in over a week.  However we may be going to some Chinese New Year thing on Saturday with him.  I just don't know any details about it right now.



Oh, Jason may come up this weekend; he wants to go fine some Xin Nian festivities.  Unfortunately I don't know of any other than a few wushu demos.  The O-Mei one sounds like more traditional fun-ness, with a dragon dance and wushu, but that is a restaurant, so I don't know if it is open to the public.  The USWA one is in lake forest mall again, but that is kinda westernized new year show (it's in a mall!! There was line dancing last year!).  I was kinda disappointed that no one at O-Mei asked me to demo.  I will pretend that they thought I had left already (I know Stephan thought I was gone), plus I couldn't do the one last weekend because of Chinese school. 


