---
title:
tags:
layout: post
---
I did it for real.  It felt so good.  Finally hit that trick.  <a href=http://fuzzymonk.homeip.net:8080/video/chris_roundoffbackback.mpg>Check</a> it out if you want.

Next is a layout, then a few back handsprings before the flip.

Of course I needed a spot the first few times to get my nerve up, but once that was settled I did it.  I drug Kelly to the gym to show off and impress my woman, but that didn't work so well.  Before Carlos had the time to come spot me I was going Round-off back-handsprings, to which Kelly responded: 'isn't there supposed to be more?  Like a 3rd thing?'

It's my own fault; she would be impressed if I stopped taking her to Jackie Chan movies.

I ordered my evacuation insurance today.  In case of medical disaster they will fly me back to the US.  It is also other medical insurance for while I am in china ' I pretty smart thing to do, IMO.  Set me back $88, but if we had to pay to get my out of china in an emergency it can run over $20K.  Wushu requires medical safety nets, me thinks.

I think I got everything in order for my trip.  Qiu Dong wants me to send him a list of stuff I wanna buy, so he can forward it to his friends to help me gather it up.   So here is a quick brain storm:

 * Bunch of Straight Swords, preferably nice guiding ones.  I need at least one for Josh, Gerald, Carlos and Matt.
 * One nice Taiji sword
 * One snappy wushu straight sword
 * A Pudao
 * A Chain Whip
 * A Spear big enough for me (or the parts for one)
 * Parts for a 3-Section staff
 * small bundle of staffs
 * Chop for Mel
 * New set of silks, and one for Kelly
 * Cool t-shirts (and the like) with crazy Chinese stuff on it
 * Feiyue's for Kelly

Think that is about it'I am sure there will be more stuff.  I don't know how this works, having never been to china.  But all anyone ever tells me is how cheap everything is.


