---
title: 
tags: 
layout: post
---
I took the jeep back to the dealer because the A/C has begun to not blow cold air anymore.  It was around the 1st of July when I took it in and they put dye in the system.  Well, they are gonna replace the evaporator coil -- which would normally cost upwards of $1100.  But the guy at Farrish said he call Chrysler and vouched that I take good care of my jeep, so now I only have to pay the $250 deductible and they will fix it for me.  If his story is legit (and I feel like it is) then all the trips to Farrish for routine maintenance have paid off.  Still is annoying, I sorta miss my old CJ7 because you would never worry about a silly little thing like A/C.  Or rain, or mud, or curbs.   I got the jeep back over lunch, and I will need to drop it back off Sunday night, hopefully I can get it Monday or Tuesday. <br /><br />We had a crazy thunderstorm last night, I am glad I unplugged everything, including from the cable TV cable.  Kelly and I were lying in bed talking and the light just went out.  It uncanny timing, like it was almost convenient.  Good thing Kelly set the alarm on her phone.  <br /><br />Let me not forget my idee fixe:<br /><br />Long weapon class was good.  I am pretty happy with the state of my staff form.  I still need to work on the end of section three.  That run-inside-kick-spin thing is still awkward.  We did 20 of those slam-three-swing things in section one and I have figured out how to go faster.  Part of it is just trying to go faster and paying attention to the steps I am taking so I keep the speed up, and the other part was simply choking up on the staff more.  <br /><br />More people are seeping out of the woodwork as we are getting closer to team trials -- we had a few people from KY in class.  They all seemed to be sporting daedal wushu.  Makes me wonder how many people will just appear form nowhere for the actual trials. I think the current estimates are between 40 and 60 peeps.  <br /><br />Ack!  Only two weeks left! Aiya.
