---
title: 
tags: 
layout: post
---
<strong>Bowling as an after wushu hangout.</strong>



We decided to go bowling after wushu on Friday.  It is actually I really good idea for a post-wushu hangout.  Not that I am all for the game it self, but the situation is really cool.  You can hang out and are not forced into spending any money - just don't bowl.  No one sits around asking "what are we gonna do?"  And if you're bored you can always bowl.  Plus, everyone gets to wear cool shoes.  I am not a big fan of the lets turn the lights out, pump out smoke and play a strange mixture of Rock, Rap and Disco - I personally would like to hang out AND be able to have a casual conversation at a nice and easy volume level.  Eh, that's just because I am old and boring now, so I won't worry about it.  



Next Friday, wanna go bowling?





<strong>3 full sets.</strong>



After a bizarre yoga-wushu workout on Friday (death by abs training) we had a serious all-full-set workout on Saturday.  Just a short warm up and we went at it.  Even drew straws to figure out the order.  Chang quan first, and then short weapon, long weapon.  It was pretty good.  I wanted to go my cq again because I thought I could do it better.  I was happy with my staff (however I wobbled TWICE: after the tornado and after the run-inside-kick).  Straight sword went well, I still need to relax.  



Anita was running class and she went over what we need to work on and pointed out a few problems.  She told maybe half the class that we were ready and to only worry about the mental stuff.  It was reassuring to hear that form her, but still I feel like there are more technical details still haunting me.   



I have a hard time getting mentally psyched up.  Part of me wants to just kinda give up and let it go.  I'd be so easy.  Just like what happened with Cirque.  But I decided a long time ago that I would push everything I had at this.  That I would live out that underdog-wins-the-tournament thing.  I will be danel-son. Aggh, I am gonna stop stressing about this for a while. Matthew 6:27.





<strong>Scariest thing in my life.</strong>



My wife driving.  Now, don't get me wrong, she is a very good driver.  But she insists on driving in the Washington DC Metro Area.  Where I happen to see nasty accidents every day.  It's just one of those nightmare situations where she could be headed home from work and never show.  Nothing I can do about it.  Lets just consider it a practice for trusting God to take care of her. You might also notice that her car has 8 airbags.  I guess when I don't have to worry about Anthrax, SARS, Planes dropping out of the sky and Snipers I worry about car accidents. Worry sucks. Matthew 6:27. 
