---
title: 
tags: 
layout: post
---
Yesterday I installed the sway bar quick disconnects on my jeep.  It is a pretty easy install on the TJ, but the stock sway bar links decided they didn't wanna come out. The bolt holding the linkage was rusted in there solid.  I have the bottoms of both linkages free, well one side the joint was completely busted so it was just a ball joint on a bolt, but neither wanted to budge.  So I banged on them with a hammer.  Yanked at it with vice grips and nothing.  Eventually I had to remove the entire anti-sway bar -- at first I thought that was going to involve removing the front grille, but with a combination of 3 ratchet extensions I was able to trick the bolt on coming off.  Once I had the big ole bar off it was easy to hammer the bolts out.  This time with a minimum of swearing.  



Yeah, every time I work on the jeep I like it more.  Except when I cannot get something done.  Like if a bolt freezes. But once I get it all working I am happy.  I don't think I will be able to sell it even if I got good offers.  Which I haven't.  In fact, I have only had one call about it -- and I wanted to tell they guy that I wouldn't sell it. 



Despite all the banging of metal on metal I did still make it to wushu. Staff class.  Next week I get to switch back to spear.  Well, unless I decided to go to this ever hearts tournament in November, I would compete with staff in that too.  I really like staff -- but spear is all new and fun.  Which all reminds me that I really need to go back and not-forget the broadsword form.  Or at least revisit my individual one.



Spear has screwed up the end of my section 3, now, after the running inside I want to spin too much.  I could easily do an extra one.



Individuals after everyone one gets back form worlds!  (See, I'm not bitter.  At least no much)  C'mon cool new forms!
