---
title: 
tags: 
layout: post
---
<b>Fun with tornados:</b> My first muddy steps into Bagua<br /><br />Friday i took my first bagua class, it is part of the wushu indulgence I am allowing for my self now that team trials is over.  I was a good class, mostly due to the skilled guidance of Johnson (one of the internal coaches at O-Mei, and no, I don't know if that is his first or last name).  Allow me to paraphrase one of the tidbits of knowledge Johnson bestowed upon our class:<br /><br />xingyi takes 10 years, taiji takes 20, but bagua will never be mastered<br /><br />He said it in much more elegant terms, but that is the gist.  Kelly pointed out that maybe bagua is not for me because I want to master everything I do.  Of course I won't do it unless it is impossible to master.  Then I don't feel so bad about not mastering it. <br /><br /><b>JACOB! and Joshua too.</b><br /><br />it was awesome to see Jacob, Laura tells me he has been asking about me and was all excited that Kelly and I were coming down.  He showed me <i>chris moves</i> -- he even as a great one where he jumps up and spins a full 360 and lands flat on his belly.  That was great until he busted his lip on the ground.  I do need to make him some moves that don't involve me hitting people, 'cause I am the root of his violent streak (aiya!)<br /><br /><b>HELLO?!?</b><br /><br />Friday night my cell phone wet off -- the caller Id said ti was everett.  I though "this is odd, how did he know I was in town." When I picked up it seemed like he had a bad signal and was breaking up.  So I stood outside yelling "Hello!" for 10 min.  Apparently, he didn't call me, instead his ever-so-intelligent phone did it for him (how his phone knew I was in town I will never know), but as we was driving down the highway in a mini-van loaded with toys he heard me yelling "HELLO" at him -- eventually our persistence paid off and we were able to set up a rendezvous for the next night.<br /><br />Everett, well, what can I say, he looked like he was doing good.  There is more of him now -- and he made new music, which I really didn't get to listen to, but I want to.  Needa get a copy.  I am glad that his cell phone called me.<br /><br />I am also glad that he introduced me to <a href="http://www.homestarrunner.com/sbemail.html">Strong Bad</a> and his <a href="http://www.homestarrunner.com/">friends</a>.
