---
title: 
tags: 
layout: post
---
The job is going well, tomorrow I get to go down to the customer site and finally get something to do.  Other than random paper work I have spent most of my time just chillin here.  Most of that chillin is concentrating on my shoulder.  I still don't have a clue what is wrong with it, but it is defiantly wrong.  I am going to a Chinese Doctor tomorrow and hopefully he can help or at least know what it is.  I would go see my regular doctor, but I have a feeling that he would just tell me to not do anything with it ' so I will go to him if the Chinese guy doesn't know what is going on.  But by then I will be in NYC.  After that I can rest.  Well team trials, but that is a bit in the future.  Cirque is very soon, like almost now.  



I did try to go to wushu last night, but the pain was overwhelming by the end of class.  I really want to go to gymnastics tonight since Carlos will be gone next week ' but the last thing I need to tumble while distracted.  I am not good enough at gymnastics to do that.  I have to concentrate on exactly what I am doing and do that.  Must concentrate on going back on the round-off to handspring and then punching off the floor and going up.  My internal monologue is something like 'go back-go back-go back'arms up-arms up'.yeah!', sometimes I replace that 'yeah' with a solid 'crap' ' and that tends to be more 'out loud' than internal.  



When not fretting over my current physical state I have been playing with my Clie.  I got all the odd todd animations ' it's really cool playing those the PDA, they look nice and sound great.  That is almost a better feature than the mp3's.  Almost but not really.  



'.



Finally met the boss.  Said I don't have anything to do right now so I should go home.  Cya.
