---
title: 
tags: 
layout: post
---
Paula can eat.  I am thinking she can out eat Tom the Tiger.  We went to the poor man's nice restaurant because she wanted a 3 pound lobster.  Well, that particular red lobster has a very sad lobster tank, and it only contained small sickly lobsters.  So she at least refrained from getting a whole lobster, and opted for the _Ultimate feast_ (Maine Lobster, king crap, shrimp, mashed potatoes, etc).  But eating that alone was nto impressive, she was downed 4 or 5 cheesy garlic briskets, a few stuffed mushrooms, finished Jason's steak, and about half of Kelly's shrimp feast.  Oh, don't for get the 2.5 bowls of ice cream at the end.  That girl is a machine. We took a few pictures, but it was sad that she was leaving.  Hopefully she will be back soon. Wushu just isn't the same when we are missing 1/2 the people (come back Lucas, Sarah, Emily, Paula, [and every other day] Stephan/Bee).



We are facing a winter advisers, so our trip to Richmond this weekend may be in peril. I really wanna go, not so much to the party (well, aside form the free drinks) but there is a nice hotel and I would like to track down Jason and possibly some of the other Grove-ites. Lets just wait and see if the weather insists on being fractious. C'mon rain, c'mon snow -- boo sleet! 



We waited an hour in the beer isle at Safeway today during lunch for a flu shot.  There was plenty of standing in the cold induced delirious talk.  Things crossed the line a number of times, it resulted in an entertaining wait in line (the best $5 I ever spent<a href="http://www.homestarrunner.com/sbemail89.html">!</a>).



Spear tonight.  I got to go now and do something completely unrelated to me throwing together the aforementioned local news.
