---
title: 
tags: 
layout: post
---
I had a horrible headache last night so I took two Tylenol PMs to help me sleep, and they did a good job, maybe too good because now it is 1pm and I think I am still feeling the effects.  I may just be sleep deprived and need to get more in general.  <br /><br />Nah, it's just the medicine.  Now, where can I get some caffeine?   <br /><br />Everyone got back form worlds this weekend, well 'cept coach who opted to stay till this Friday.  I was going to write that I hadn't heard form anyone but just as I was sitting down to write this Jason messaged me - so I got to chat with him for a min.  I tried to sham him into bringing Paula by the school tonight right after her flight, because we are all dieing to see everyone but he played the ever potent <i>we'll see how she feels</i> card, dammit, how can I argue with that? <br /><br />I have been in the school for pretty much all my free time for this past week. I seems like I was there more than I was at work, and all we have had to talk about are the games we play for the beginner classes, and the results of worlds. I love all those kids (and the few adults that make the ever-impressive attempt at wushu) but I miss all our mature (I use that word loosely) wushu pals.  I hope Stephan or the Zhang's or Debbie or Bee will show today (I know Bee was here the entire time, but he wasn't <b>here</b> here).<br /><br />Speaking of games Amina and I have been able to establish two new games at wushu: <i>cross the river</i> and <i>horse stance tag</i>.  I brought the cross the river game back form china where I played with the Boy's BJWT, and it worked <i>OK</i>, the true victory was in Amina's contribution of horse stance tag.  That game is fun, and double fun to watch.  The rules are simple: play normal freeze tag, but when you get frozen you must stand in a horse stance, you are unfrozen when someone crawls through your legs.  It is a little disconcerting to be standing in a horse stance and home someone run at you full speed and slide through your legs.  <br /><br />That game alone was responsible for pulling us out of are "I don't wanna train" funk on Saturday after teaching the morning classes.  I really didn't want to train.  So we played Horse stance tag for 30 minutes. 
