---
title: 
tags: 
layout: post
---
Ok, so my wife thinks I should of written something about the closing on my house already, but honestly it was such an easy painless experience that I didn't have much to say.  At least not much that is actually interesting.  However, I am a little weary -- because what if it was too easy.  I mean, they'd slap down a paper and we'd sign it.  Sure, the promised they were all standard government drafted loan documents, but by the time I left I'd sign just about anything.  "Sign in blood, eh?  No problem"<br /><br />But we closed, we are all done, and we now own a house.  Alas, we have tenets until next month -- so not only are we land owners, but slum lords as well.  Oh, one interesting thing was they were not going to give us a key.  Citing something about the sellers not moving out until next month.  Luckily our argument of we own the place and we get a key worked like a charm. <br /><br />Yesterday was Tom's last day here, he is moving out to the client full time now.  We are getting a new programmer, but I fear this may lead to boringer days in the office.  In order to give him a proper send off we ordered a party platter of chicken nuggets form Chick-fil-A.  It was a hundred nuggets and a bowl of honey mustard.  We ate all but 7.  We did not eat the bone we found, or that little black string.  We did eat from 11am to about 2:30pm.  Near the end there the grease started to congeal and we started to feel a little ill.  At happy hour after work I know I got queasy at the idea of anything fried.  Oh, I never, ever want chicken nuggets again.  Ever. <br />
