---
title: 
tags: 
layout: post
---
Ok, it has gotten to the point that I am waiting for the real estate agent to call me back and say weather or not we have gotten the house.  I really hope we do, but even so I am nervous about it because we have had to do things like drop the appraisal clause, and add an escalation clause.  All these things make me uneasy.  I just want to offer what they are asking and actually get it.  I long for a market where you can offer less than asking.  Of course, if I am forced to buy in the market I pray to God that nothing happens to it when I wanna sell.  That would only be fair.  <br /><br />I think the stress of this house buying as well as work stuff (especially that "administrative" rigmarole) is really taking a toll on me. My skin has been breaking out, and I think I am getting sick again.  I started to feel phlegmy last night and I think I am actually coming down with something today.  Such a headache.  So tired.  So many hours of wushu to survive through still.<br /><br />In fact I am at O-Mei now, and Chad--the man--is running class for me.  I would probably bail on everyone if I thought there would be someone to lock up.  Because, really I am not gonna be much use like this.  Time to see what it would be like owning a school <b>and</b> being feverous. <i>Would someone answer that damn phone?!</i><br /><br />Oh, the ringing is in my head.  No wonder it hurts so bad.  <br /><br />Some other stuff happened that I really wanted to write about, and it probably pertains to our visit to Todd's new house, or dinner with Jeannie, or maybe dinner with out Jeannie, but I am at a loss for words right now so that will getta wait for, um, probably, ever. 
