---
title: 
tags: 
layout: post
---
Well, I didn't train last night.  But I was very productive.  I accomplished two main things.  1) Fixed the toilet in the Men's bathroom and 2) Made a present for Kelly and her Mom.  <br /><br />Reverse order.<br /><br />Can't talk about the present because then Kelly would know.  <br /><br />The toilet was amazingly disgusting.  It was leaking around the wax seal on the floor.  So it was leaking <i>after</i>.  We had been trying to keep everything clean by moping up in there, but you could only do but so much.  The smell was becoming not so subtle. When I pulled up the toilet I even discovered a few, lets call them, bugs.  Picture this.  You snap on your latex gloves.  Mop the floor.  Wipe down the toilet with Lysol disinfectant wipes. Unscrew the bolts.  Yank up a stinky toilet, splashing water everywhere (the plunger was old, busted, and didn't work).  A nasty brown waxy ring of poo was on the floor around the sewage pipe.  And to my delight a dozen small, fast, nasty bugs ran and scurried around the floor.  I whacked a few with a rolled up newspaper, but to my further delight it didn't even faze them.  I was forced to lay the newspaper on top of them and punch it profusely. <br /><br />Eventually I got the new seal on and the toilet properly shimmed up and the first round of calking finished.  I will add extra.  Must contain the poo.  And the poo related stink.  I must have mopped the floor 15 time yesterday.  Waxy feces is my new arch enemy.  <br />
