---
title: 
tags: 
layout: post
---
The blast from the past<br /><br />So Kelly and I woke up to a call from my parents saying they had given my phone number to an old friend of mine from when I lived in cali.  I hadn't seen Brian since I was a freshman in high school, so it had been a while.  Turns out he is pretty much the same old Brian I knew, but now he is in the Army, has been to war, gotten shot, and is attempting to enter the Special Forces.  Crazy.  We has a beer, ate some wings and he kicked my ass in pool.  <br /><br />I am glad last week is now last week.  I need to be back at work so I can rest. But the good news it we are all moved.  We are all moved before we were even gonna start moving. Being done early is nice.  I am to the point that all I need is to wire the office for the DSL and everything will be turned in and working.  <br /><br />Friday I trained at the afternoon class, which wound up being a private lesson.  Coach stayed around and helped me work out the third section of my Zui Quan. I basically modified a section that I found in one of the videos I downloaded -- I swear coach picked it up in 5 seconds, and then had to spend 15 minutes teaching it to me. Plus, another 30 correcting it. <br /><br />My parents wound up coming up to A) check out the new house and B) get the truck back in order to haul a new (non-leaking) hot water heater to their house.  I felt bad for using their truck and not even having the decency to take it back to them when I was done.  But I was really happy they could see the new place.  <br /><br />Work now -- I got a lot to make up after a week of really short days last week.  
