---
title: 
tags: 
layout: post
---
Don't do wheelies...or plumbing.  They are bad for you.<br /><br />First off, the wheelies.  It was a gorgeous day and thusly Danny and I decided to go the skate park so we hopped into the jeep (which was in its full top down door-less glory) head out.  But first we had to stop at Sean's parent's house for updating his flash plugin so that he could watch the new <a href="http://www.homestarrunner.com">homestarrunner cartoons</a>.  It was on route 50, on the way to Van Dyke park.  We were getting annoyed because the traffic was so heavy on a Saturday afternoon, so when we were sitting at the light and a couple of BiKeRboyZ decided to skip the line and zip between cars to sit out at the front we were bitching about them little punks.  Light turned green.  The both punched it and popped their front wheels off the ground and sped off in wheelies.  I couldn't quite see both guys,  the one in my line was obscured by the car in front of me, but I do remember thinking that I had a good enough view when I saw that motorcycle flipping end over end in the air.  Danny even saw him sliding down the road.  We thought this was gonna end in complete badness.  But the boy jumped right up to his feet and walked off the road.  I pulled over and made sure he was OK.  He seemed to be much more embarrassed than hurt -- the only visible injury was a skinned knee through his jeans.  <br /><br />For the rest of that day every time I saw someone on a motorcycle I would b e a nervous feeling.  And as a public service we would yell at them when they went by to encourage them to abstain from the wheelie.<br /><br />I hate plumbing. Indoor running water is for losers. While Kelly was sleeping on the couch Sunday afternoon, recovering from being up most of the before, I discovered that the kitchen sink was leaking.  I investigated thoroughly and determined that the leak was coming form up inside the sink.  So I quizzed Kelly over how much she liked that faucet, and we determined that we didn't care for it so much and headed off to home depot to get the replacement.  There was a short interruption in the middle for going to Chinese school, finding out that the school had a play that weekend, canceling class, and heading home. Oh, and I decided that I wanted to take out the old faucet so that I could take it with me to Home Depot - so I embarked on an adventure in removing plumbing.  Nothing was easy to remove, even the shutoff valves were so stiff that I needed a wrench to turn the handles (and eventually strip them completely).  I even had visions of inadvertent removal of the entire valve and the ensuing hilarity and mass amounts of water.  But I eventually got it off, but not until after plenty of swearing.  Fun fact about my house:  the floor under the sink is actually a few inches lower than the floor in the kitchen -- much lower than a normal cabinet should be. Something about working under a sink, leaning on a 2" wide piece of wood, holding you upper body up so you can use both hands to strip a bolt (that you would much rather just loosen), behind a disposal tangled up in the lines that run to and from the dish washer, while trying to blink at <i>just</i> the right time to prevent the little flakes of fiberglass that are being scraped off the bottom of the sink from falling in your eyes; just makes me want to swear a lot. Eventually we talked to the guy at the depot, debated over faucets and cam back home. Installing the new faucet was much easier because 1) I could look at it first and figure out how it is supposed to work and 2) it came with the a special tool to remove the impossi-nut that was impossible to remove from the old one.  <br /><br />We bolted everything on tight, sent Kelly to turn on the main water and proceeded to finish stripping the hot water cutoff valve handle, then proceeding to unscrew it and using a pair of pliers to ever-so-slowly turn it back on. Repeated with the cold water valve and tested everything.  It all appeared to be working; we even had the hot and cold water hooked up to the proper sides.  <br /><br />Then it was off to Friendly's for some mediocre food and poor service to celebrate!
