---
title: 
tags: 
layout: post
---
I went and trained at 11 today.  It was jsut me and chad.  Coach gave me some really good corrections.  I was having trouble with this vertical behind the back flower movement in my new jian form.  I really can't believe that I suck at that movement so badly.  It seems so basic.  Well if I can nail the flavor for that stuff I will rock the form.  One good thing about having a coach who specilized in the same event that I do. <br /><br />Chad got yelled at for marking up the big logo, she asked him who did it when we first walked in and he fessed up rigth away.  I think coach was stunned because she was thinking it was someone else entirely, but she smack his hands with one of those chinese fans and scoleded him.<br /><br />Note: Never paint a giant logo on the wall using black chinese ink.  If someone gets all hyper and jumps up to slap it it will leave streaks on the wall.  It also stinks.  <br /><br />Kelly had to email ben and have him punch me because she couldn't get in touch with me today.  I felt like a jerk.  Much like I felt like a jerk when I didn't make it to gymnastics last night and sean did.  I called him and swore up and down that I would honestly go fo-sho, and well, for the umpteenth time I didn't.  <br /><br />Some of the wushu ren wanna go out after class.  But then they started mentioning a hooka bar and I got skeptical.  I have to fly out early-early in the morning so that may not work.  Perhaps we can just get sean to come hang out as we prep for cancun.  <br /><br />I forgot my shoes and I am wearing feiyues to work.  I tend to do more kicks in the office if I am wearing my wushu shoes.
