---
title: Dear diary
tags: 
layout: post
---
Today I played with a bike bell over at sean and nina's place. It was the most fun ever.<br /><br /><hr /><br /><br />Take that Nina! Ha!<br /><br />we did get to see those crazy guys after we went to church. They even took me home so I didn't have to leave when dumb kelly went to her dumb yoga. I got free CDs and books from their anti clutter pile. I have an offer for a foof. I want to take it. Kelly says no--citing some moratorium on bringing more stuff into the house. I am pretty sure I can spin it into some replacement for the old foof argument. Still, I see nothing wrong with 3 foof chairs. They are nicer to look at then gymnastic mats and I have been begging for one of those for a mere 7, 8 years now. (That is relevant because I consider a foof to be somewhat crash-mat like, thus sooths the burning desire for proper, blue, 8" gymnastics mats.<br /><br />I revisited the unicycle again. This is one thing I want to figure out. My biggest obstacle is the fear of social backlash and mocking. anyone who can ride a unicycle is already a big dork, but the dork that has a unicycle that doesn't know how to ride it is a bigger dork still. I have but of an understanding of what it is to be a social outcast, and I think the normal assumption is that I clearly don't care about that sort of thing. But I am ashamed to admit it, I do.<br /><br />Not that I am going to let it stop me from learning something as amazingly cool as riding a unicycle.<br /><br />Really, who brags to their grand kids they their neighbours thought they were normal, nice people? I would much rather have fun stories of scooting around town on one wheel. And flipping. Oh, and springy shoes.
