---
title: Poor little girl.
tags: leah, friends
layout: post
---
But first, an easy way to feel stupid:    <p class="MsoNormal">After making an appointment and writing down the directions I hopped in the truck and drove it to the appointment I had made to get the check engine light looked at.<span style="">  </span>Unfortunately the engine light was on in Kelly's car, not my truck.<span style="">  </span>That got me into work a little later than I had planned. </p>    <p class="MsoNormal">Leah wasn't feeling too good this past weekend.<span style="">  </span>She has officially been sick now.<span style="">  </span>We almost made it 6 months with out her getting ill, yesterday she had a fever and a lot of congestion.<span style="">  </span>She had actually been congested for a few days before that, nothing too bad just a snuffly nose.<span style="">  </span>Yesterday was different, she didn't eat too much and she grumbled all day.<span style="">  </span>Never a full cry, but a constant complaining whimper.<span style="">  </span>Easily the saddest sounds ever.<span style="">  </span>The congestion provoked a nasty cough. We tried to suction the boogies out of her nose, with some success, but that makes her super mad.<span style="">  </span>She sure loves her boogies and doesn’t like it when we take them.</p>    <p class="MsoNormal">We called to doctor once her fever broker 100, but they seem to think it is an ear infection.<span style="">  </span>I am not so sure, the internet tells me that teething can cause these symptoms so I am inclined to think that is the cause. Kelly should be at the doctor now and we will find out for sure.<span style="">  </span>Luckily we had a regularly scheduled appointment today. </p>    <p class="MsoNormal">The rest of the weekend was fun, had a couple of holiday gatherings.<span style="">  </span>Games night was the biggest ever.<span style="">  </span>Darpa peoples we run but Kelly missed out because of the baby (and honestly she was the one everyone wanted to see).<span style="">  </span>We even had a fun lunch with the Suns at a crazy Japanese buffet in <st1:place>Fair Oaks</st1:place>.<span style="">  </span>Leah spit up all over Mrs. Sun and the table.<span style="">  </span><span style=""> </span>But at a sushi place you practically expect people to vomit.<span style="">  </span>Right? </p>
