---
title: Just cause they are little doesn't mean things are gonna be easy.
tags: 
layout: post
---
<?xml:namespace prefix = o /><o:p></o:p>This was a very eventful morning.<span style="font-size:+0;"> </span>Lets recap:<o:p></o:p><br /><br />But first we need some background so we know what's going on.<span style="font-size:+0;"> </span>I was the last person at work last night because I was trying to get, um, this odd task done.<span style="font-size:+0;"> </span>It was one of those things that isn't my normal work, but we needed someone to figure it out and send stuff to a client for brownie points.<span style="font-size:+0;"> </span>Basically it is a little embarrassing that we couldn't do it faster, and would be bad if it wasn't done.<span style="font-size:+0;"> </span>The process for finishing this task was much more annoying than was necessary.<span style="font-size:+0;"> </span>It involved 3 reboots, including windows refusing to restart because it had a task running, and I should cancel or wait for it to complete.<span style="font-size:+0;"> </span>I had already tried to wait and clicked cancel a few times, which is why I was trying to reboot in the first place.<span style="font-size:+0;"> </span>Eventually I got fed up and did a hard reboot only to get stuck with a 15 min boot time on the reboot.<span style="font-size:+0;"> </span>I tried to do the thing again, explorer hung again, I rebooted again, complete with the long boot.<span style="font-size:+0;"> </span>Eventually I got things working, but it was only step 1, step 2 required me to upload my stuff to another computer, but that had to wait.<span style="font-size:+0;"> </span>It said there were hundreds of minutes to go, so I left.<span style="font-size:+0;"> </span><br /><p class="MsoNormal"><o:p></o:p><br />Oh, I tried to access it from home, but no luck, can't connect.<o:p><br /></o:p><br />Ok, the recap:</p><ul style="MARGIN-TOP: 0in" type="disc"><li class="MsoNormal">I struggled to get up.<span style="font-size:+0;"> </span>I think I was extra pathetic because Kelly allowed me to stay in bed till the last possible second.<span style="font-size:+0;"> </span><o:p></o:p></li><li class="MsoNormal">I plugged the ipod into the computer to charge, but the computer went to sleep and the ipod stayed up all night so he was exhausted.<span style="font-size:+0;"> </span>A total of no battery left, won't even turn on, all I get is a sad battery icon and bloop, it's gone.<o:p></o:p></li><li class="MsoNormal">I had forgotten that Kelly had a doctor appointment, which wasn't till 10:30, so I was going to be late for work, which meant that my work-task was gonna have to wait. <o:p></o:p></li><li class="MsoNormal">Before the appointment K had to get her Glucose tolerance test, so we went to quest. Last time at quest we waited for a few hours before they finally took Kelly back and treated a total of two (2) arms as pin cushions, and then the nurse lied to me and said my wife had left me.<span style="font-size:+0;"> </span>I don't like them.</li><li class="MsoNormal">We got threre. We waited.<span style="font-size:+0;"> </span>I wanted to sleep.<span style="font-size:+0;"> </span>I discovered a comfortable position in my chair which involved pulling it out and leaning back.<span style="font-size:+0;"> </span><o:p></o:p></li><li class="MsoNormal">Kelly got her orange-double-triple-sugar drink. And choked it down.<o:p></o:p></li><li class="MsoNormal">It upset her tummy a little<o:p></o:p></li><li class="MsoNormal">She felt a little light headed and told me to tell the nurse<o:p></o:p></li><li class="MsoNormal">I got up to tell them and before I could even get their attention the lady sitting next to Kelly announced that she had passed out.<span style="font-size:+0;"> </span>I turned around and sure enough, she her head had fallen back, her eyes were wide open (with and eery empty stare) and was otherwise unresponsive.<o:p></o:p></li><li class="MsoNormal">One lady insisted she was having seizures. <o:p></o:p></li><li class="MsoNormal">The nurses responded when I yelled louder at them.<o:p></o:p></li><li class="MsoNormal">We wheeled a dazed Mrs. Sexton back to a private room where she could lay down.<o:p></o:p></li><li class="MsoNormal">The nurse tried to call her doctor to see if we should finish the test, and treated this like it was a big deal.<span style="font-size:+0;"> </span>Her doctor responded by not answering the phone.<o:p></o:p></li><li class="MsoNormal">I ran upstairs to talk to the doctor.<span style="font-size:+0;"> </span>I think I actually spoke to a nurse practitioner, who pointed out that she prolly passed out because she probably hasn't eaten for a while and then tried to drink the sugar drink.<span style="font-size:+0;"> </span>I didn't point out that those were the directions we had received.<span style="font-size:+0;"> </span><o:p></o:p></li><li class="MsoNormal">I returned downstairs and told the nurse that the doctors office gave the go ahead.<o:p></o:p></li><li class="MsoNormal">We waited.<o:p></o:p></li><li class="MsoNormal">Blood was drawn, the nurse hurt Kelly, it was better than last time, but still painful.<span style="font-size:+0;"> </span>More painful than a 'pinch'<o:p></o:p></li><li class="MsoNormal">We went to breakfast at the diner. K got pancakes.<o:p></o:p></li><li class="MsoNormal">After eating about half of them Kelly decided not to digest them and went and put them in the bathroom, along with a bunch of orange-sugar drink.<o:p></o:p></li><li class="MsoNormal">We told the nice people at the diner that they should go clean the bathroom.<o:p></o:p></li><li class="MsoNormal">At the doctors office they asked for a sample, but because of the aforementioned bathroom debacle she didn't have one left.<o:p></o:p></li><li class="MsoNormal">We waited.<o:p></o:p></li><li class="MsoNormal">They changed our due date twice this visit.<o:p></o:p></li><li class="MsoNormal">Still no sample and the pushy nurse made us wait till one magically appeared.<o:p></o:p></li><li class="MsoNormal">Eventually we got fed up and Kelly offered to take me to the metro.<o:p></o:p></li><li class="MsoNormal">We got stuck behind a stalled car, once the cops arrived they figured out how to work their car and drove away.<o:p></o:p></li><li class="MsoNormal">I arrived on the platform and they sign said orange and red lines were sharing a track.<span style="font-size:+0;"> </span>Expect delays.<o:p></o:p></li><li class="MsoNormal">I am now on the train, getting ready to run into the office 'round <?xml:namespace prefix = st1 /><st1:time hour="13" minute="0">1pm</st1:time>.<o:p></o:p></li></ul>
