---
title: Programming for fun?
tags: tech
layout: post
---
I've been working on the cookbook application for the wife and couple interesting things.<br /><br />I use Dreamhost, and while they rock in alot of ways they won't let me have any long running processes.  I wanted to add full text search to my cookbook (because if you can't find the recipe you want, what good is a cookbook) and I couldn't use the likes of Sphinx or Ferret.  But if I changed my DB to MySQL (which dreamhost does provide) I can use the built in fulltext search.  It is a little hackish, and MySQL specific but it works and is plenty fast for my needs.<br /><br />I had to do two things:<br />1) Add a FULLTEXT index to my migration<br /><pre><br />  def self.up<br />    ...<br />    execute 'ALTER TABLE recipes ENGINE = MyISAM'<br />    execute 'CREATE FULLTEXT INDEX ft_idx_recipes ON recipes(title,ingredients,directions)'<br />  end<br />  def self.down<br />    execute 'ALTER TABLE recipes DROP INDEX ft_idx_recipes'<br />    execute 'ALTER TABLE recipes ENGINE = InnoDB'<br />    drop_table :recipes<br />  end<br /></pre><br />2) In my recipes controller in the search action I have the following line<br /><pre><br /> @recipes = Recipe.find_by_sql("SELECT * FROM recipes WHERE MATCH (title, ingredients, directions) AGAINST ('#{query.gsub(/'/, "''")}');")<br /></pre><br />The gsub bit is to sanitize the sql. Pretty simple really, and if I ever want to replace it all I need to do is modify the controller.<br /><br /><br /><br />I found out today that the Bort guys added OpenID support to the project. Which would normally involve some obscure svn/patch hijinks to deal with, but thanks to git I can just grab their changes (I did fork <a href="http://github.com/csexton/cookbook/tree/master">my project</a> from theirs to start with).  <br /><br /><pre><br /> git branch openid # incase I screw things up<br /> git checkout openid # use the new branch<br /> git pull git://github.com/fudgestudios/bort.git master<br /> # Fix any conflicts and merge back to master<br /></pre><br /><br />Finally, did everyone know you can put alias in the .gitconfig file?  Well, you never told me.<br /><br /><pre><br /> [alias]<br />   co = checkout<br />   ci = commit<br />   st = status<br /></pre>
